[Music]
we're in the most
dynamic business world and market that
humanity has ever seen if you're not
constantly thinking about
the nuances of the market you're serving
and how their needs are changing
you're going to be left behind you have
a opportunity with an industry that is
at a
once in a lifetime point of inflection
where its future is going to be
completely different than its past
we go our whole lives looking for
opportunities that are as large and as
meaningful as this one
i think everything's changing all the
time i think it's changing just so fast
we don't even really realize the change
is happening
and consider that the fortune 500 we see
today didn't exist
10 years ago what exists here at sasser
today is the fortune 400 of the next 10
years
only the leaders who are committed to
improving themselves that can stay with
the company and actually
lead it effectively assembling the right
team who really feels like they can
accomplish something great
together nothing can bring you down we
always had the feeling
deep inside that we're onto something
we're not in the world
where you can you can start a business
where you have a bad place to work
organizations who want to compete if all
four of their core experiences
are not being run well they're not going
to last very long
no matter how big they are today
how do you make it an amazing place for
people to do the best work of their
lives
how do you make sure that people feel
the opportunity to take initiative
what am i missing why are we not growing
faster 5x9x 10x we've never seen growth
rates like this
if you can keep that momentum going
longer and fix that mistake earlier you
have
huge benefits that's the magic of saster
you